so we got a little
request from Steve my main man
to parameterize the amenity type so
pretty easy we're just going to do that
hopefully in five minutes or something
okay cool
um
foreign
this is the search bar
okay fine so uh
why isn't this formatting
format
format bro
does that work
I don't know if that works
oh yeah
oh wait let me let me not dox myself
foreign
matter working
that's so bizarre
actually I should be able to see if I
inspect now on the network tab
three requests
90 still equals toilet so it must be
failing to build even though it says
it's not
out here
forever
I'm just going to restart the thing
because I feel like it's not working
there hold on uh
how do I see rest up Dash h
OST up show
active switching nightly
messed up
but nightly should work
thank you
in the cargo.com I enabled the nightly
this should fail the build
I think I can just delete nightly
because I don't use the nightly features
at all
okay
[Music]
yeah I know my formatter is just broken
what the hell
why is my formatter broken
I mean it just it feels like that's why
the whole thing is broken
foreign
bugged out by this thing man
what about that
doctor
and we need to get the amenity
so fetch bathrooms needs to return
all right we'll do that we'll have it oh
here hold on let me pick a template let
lawn so that
uh
pick one in Boston so that it's not or
we'll pick one in New York
okay
whatever
actually can we just do that
expected i-32 we want this to be
okay now we want uh radius
that long
Q
all right
there now I can turn back on the
broadcast all right sorry hey what's up
punchies bad bro yo we
drinking water accessed around
there
should I do that
okay cool
I hate that formatting is not working
though
hold on let me try it again
formatting is just broken here dude
it's really bothersome
foreign
just uh built this thing called free to
pee which helps you find bathrooms
public bathrooms and my friend I don't
really like that
okay if we
duplicate this tab and delete or
drinking water query parameter
um I don't know about that one
yeah bro use it tell your friends man so
anyways I just added a feature that
allows you to look at other amenities
like drinking water
um oh find a fountain dude
interesting
I don't know why that's down anyways
they at some point they put
uh
I'm surprised that in
Central Park
in New York City the closest is 600
meters that seems wrong
when
the nearest drinking water is okay
I'm just gonna revert
I'm gonna revert this
even though it's technically more
correct
this has a nicer aesthetic
okay
uh cute query Prem for getting
different amenity
closes closes 18.
foreign
oops that's
um
foreign
we're sorry
all right so we closed that issue
let me get some more coffee and we're
gonna find something to do
okay
cool
Punchy three bad dude what is good man
133 followers damn dude
I'll drop that fall
oh
so we're done with this
I want to make sure that it works
so
nice okay so it seems like everything is
fine
I haven't checked out my Elite code in a
long time
pretty good
one of the top lead coders in the world
bro
um
okay this is not important
and then yes I wanted to look at
some oh yeah I forgot I have to
go to Twitch
video producer
what is this 30 minute one
[Music]
the six hour one got
see the problem is you would never know
okay so the six hour one and the two
hour and 40 minute one
are good
okay so we want to export that public
what do we do in this one
you might change the name on YouTube
gonna know what you think
I don't know what this one is
what what the hell is going on here
this one like doesn't exist
weird
okay well at least we did hold on it
should show up here
okay cool
I like that that's really nice
okay
yes so now I'm finally getting to what I
wanted to do this morning which was
but issues
okay so let me just
um
in common
said
so wait let me check that it works first
so if I
copy uh
Okay cool so if I copy
copy
and I run this thing
all right cool
so now I wanna
location of this directory varies upon
your operating system
you can check
location
by running
yeah okay so uh
AJ configure
add a note
okay
what
uh
[Music]
foreign
okay
make a little note that sounds good
um but there was some other stuff that I
what does it create commands of command
contacts
okay so how do we
the current dependencies can be found in
context State internal external depth
about context cool this guy's really
really nice
execute command
process depth command
s
command contacts
context State okay
so yeah so in the function
create commands
it's a imple of command context in
command context should have the context
state
it doesn't
okay well I don't really want to do that
right now
okay so then the other thing that I want
to check was uh
okay
um
wait what
[Music]
okay
thank you
foreign
you got to be careful not to kill the
thing
foreign
this thing is 4K stars but it's actually
like pretty good
okay so if I do this then I run this
again then I do name
oh God
why though
uh bro
file names with spaces are such bogus
dude
I thought the whole point of SEC cash
SC cash was that it caches the results
of compilation
thank you
the issue stems from there not really
being a good way to share a Target
directory between multiple cargo
workspaces
hmm
foreign
[Music]
then why is it compiling
uh dude file names with spaces is one of
the worst things to happen ever
oh wait is that true
thank you
foreign
the [__] out of this repo
but this thing is so good
I want to make it like actually good
though
foreign
like the Savage crate is cool but it's
also like
if it's not rust code
it's a little bit more annoying
because you have all of these
dependencies that are just kind of lame
how it works nice
dude I want to read that
how it works dude this guy David
Lattimore is a freaking Beast bro
wait where is that file
huh
oh this is in this file
there
we write the code as a crate
oh maybe that's how I should do
my Cogen is just build it with cargo as
opposed to invoking recipe
that's a thought
if we've got it okay
we open the shared objects using DL open
look up the symbol for our function call
it there's a small runtime crate that
gets add as a dependency this holds all
variables in a hashmap string box any
plus static nice
we look for variable declarations in the
static tree we got from the syncrate and
add code
door those variables into the map
next time we run some code we move we
move the variables values back out of
the map we're storing them
with the same name as type as before
oh dude this is Jank bro I love this is
the best kind of jig
s
bro this guy's a beast dude
we also use compilation errors to tell
us whether a variable has been moved so
it's no longer available whether
variable is non-copy and is referenced
by the code being run
right so the problem that
uh did I close it
no I didn't close it
foreign
control C is clear
not kill control D is kill
okay fine but why I just did that to
myself is ridiculous uh use
oh actually in my
I want to do use my Cass
is my test
oh
okay so the problem we're looking at is
where
thank you
oh someone added this
thing that oh God
whatever
why is this taking so long
foreign
but see this is some boxed about like
[Music]
wait it's a Type X but it's
bavar
no VAR doesn't box
oh
right but the binary
operation but all the Ops box
huh
I think conceptually it makes sense that
that once I do this
that I should only have to hand out
references
right
foreign
let's see if revise Works that'd be
sweet
we don't really need cereal eyes
thank you
foreign
yeah you probably have to write like a
custom one
wait
hey you you know
takes an RC
wait is this in differentiate we don't
even want this
okay cool
hmm
oh wait
foreign
I am going to do
we probably want to
actually keep track of time too because
it's time to have to leave
okay so we got a response on whether or
not it's compiling it every time
foreign
LIC
that's pretty easy
okay so that's fine
then we want to do this
foreign
[Music]
oh really
bro what
you don't want this we want this
[Music]
foreign
dude come on man
oh
the EXP I feel like the best one was the
explicit
pointers
nice okay so that's fine with me
dude there's no infix pal
what kind of language is this bro
well this is
[Music]
oh
good
bruh it's like you just what so you just
contradicted yourself
I don't want this in language but I'm
not opposed
I guess that makes sense
yeah I don't want to be feeding this
foreign
then you need a way of writing these
simplifications
foreign but now B is gone right
wait
can I do this
foreign
[Music]
okay
foreign
this movement thing is driving me crazy
all right so I'll probably leave at like
11.
foreign
[Music]
interesting I mean I feel like people do
that though but that is super gangster
that's super gangster just like pack it
together I don't like it at all
that makes sense
foreign
so but
I'm down to start over again
starting over is nice because it's so
you're like all right now I kind of know
what
I mean this is not bad I think the only
problem
is this
right but if we do
oh let me do this cop this this
let me remove all the dot clones
wait actually we didn't want to do that
we want to do it on these guys
so except for
cannot subtract X from X
so you need to do this
[Music]
foreign
it's kind of annoying
yeah this is actually super annoying
it's not readable at all bruh
yeah but I feel like this option
sorry this option
can you do macro to do all the
combinations so that
this
is so many
add more and rewrite
Geeks
owning plus owning owning plus borrowing
okay
let's try that
[Music]
oh come on bro
that's not what you want at all dude
foreign
oh it's only a 42 minute drive so then I
could leave at
11 30.
bro these clone things are getting in
the way
actually
action
there a macro that I can write so that I
can just
write the equations
extract it away
from corner
it's basically
I make a
bars
cars
which handles this then
and
Peaks
which takes
versions like
this without clouds
and generates
correct okay
foreign
that's pretty sweet actually
hold on I want to try that
[Music]
oh that's sweet that's actually sweet
man
let's see does this work
foreign
I feel like operator precedence is going
to break here
sad
dude I I don't know what the
Frick this code is bro
foreign
wait hold on does that work
if I do this and then that
doesn't work
I mean that that macro is useful
foreign
should take
all right
you probably do want
the RC
but I don't think you want the
combinations
I think you just want this
okay so what happens there
then in Maine
all right I'm gonna borrow
then do we borrow endure
just delete this
does it work
cannot add X to X
where is that
oh yeah
well this is like not even worth
anything
dependencies we don't need this we don't
need that
maybe that uh oh wait actually here's
what we'll do
um
yeah
cannot move out of an RC I think that we
can just do this though
I expected that fat Arrow
so wait so inners type
just see what it says
pointerest star star
oh wait
so I feel like der
actually I feel like dirt
should do the same thing as this and
it's just being inconsistent
Dura should take a pointer to an X
right
I think that's what I
dirt expects an RC
okay RC stands for reference counted it
is a smart pointer provided by the rust
standard Library which is used to share
ownership of a heap allocated value
across multiple parts of your program it
achieves this by keeping a count of the
number of references to the value once
there are zero references left the
memory for the values automatically
deallocated
um
sometimes you want multiple parts of
your code to own a value simultaneously
yeah that makes sense
foreign
so what is the type of it
hold on if I if I go to my Rebel
hey two plus two uh
that's super annoying
will this work
[Music]
cool
um use standard RC
let's see
okay that makes sense now let a equal
food.com
yeah so a
has the same type
which makes sense by like what you would
expect the type signature of Clone to be
but if I do ADOT clones that the same
thing
okay
but that but see when I did that that
went out of scope
wait should we
do a DOT clone
um
so what happens if you dereference it
foreign
oh I drop them
um
okay so I see
stuff like copy on the right type
I'm wondering if
there is a way to
listen
we call clone
whenever
ownership could pass
dude the bars
that's why
when I use
X1 and Y
'all both
you'll get a type that clones its data
only when you mutate it otherwise just
increments the reference count
foreign
[Music]
that's not
okay that's not what I want
um show me the rapper type example
kind of like context of how I would
write these
foreign
but I feel like I did that right but
maybe it's just that I wasn't complete
with it
I'm pretty sure that dur needs to take
the RC or something
yeah see this is supposed to take a
pointer
and then call clone
so Dura is supposed to take it
wait what if I just did RC of this
then here you would give it this
why is that not a quick fix
cannot multiply it
but can you multiply RC by RC
a reference counted expression with a
reference counted expression
yeah I gotta get my types right bro
okay get my types right
um
starting fresh
I feel like that's fine I feel like
that's like probably a good
no but
hmm
well if you D if you do this
that's a pointer to an RC but what if
you d-wrap
x times X is not implemented because
oh wait so you're supposed to do
this
interesting
how expected an X so should we just do
this
foreign
the lowercase bar return an RC or should
it return
or should it
gosh I don't know
thank you
foreign
okay
so you can add two reference counted
expressions
[Music]
foreign
oh I see
what is a pointer to RCA
[Music]
foreign
I like these more
okay then we need the
okay this let me
what
foreign
I'm just trying to collude it together
it's kind of cringe honestly
what's the difference
and passing around and
in this case
pointer to a reference kind of thing
I feel like that's wrong I feel you
wanna
seems like typically you want to pass
around the RC
what's up
so I'm fine with the Clone thing like I
really don't care
well no I care a little bit
I mean this is just like
this is like how this should be written
and you clone under the hood like I like
that
like that to me is how this code should
be written
foreign
but here
the type of X is actually RC
so that's just like wrong I think
oh no wait
a pointer to a reference counted
I'm just trying to wrap my head around
the difference between just passing
around references and
using a reference counted thing
hmm
um
I feel like it's slowly starting to sink
in a little bit
what about just passing around
foreign
I don't
Ever Need
oh that's actually not true
well
I don't know if it's true like
I could see
X
Expressions being mutated on like
simplification or something but not
necessarily
I need to think about this because this
is like
huh
interesting very interesting
foreign
[Music]
laughs
foreign
shared ownership can be beneficial if
you expect to have sub-expressions that
are reduced
foreign
name spacing
nope nope nope nope nope I prefer
dude stop stop talking
eventually we probably will need into
handling but
foreign
thank you
hold on
foreign
ly we'll need div but
you know
I should be able to say
use bin op type Star right
damn bro
okay well
fine so let's
put the guy boss on that my friend and
we will go back to this
foreign
we should be able to do this
back of our sea effect
this is a bin op bro
[Music]
foreign
shade is for [__]
psychos
bin op takes a pointer to RC I feel like
that's
weird right
is that to avoid the Clone
avoid the Clone
and so we go back to what we have
derived here
we probably don't want clone
but let's see we want
hold on let's just try
Geeks that sort
can we derive org
to like I see why George hotz is writing
teeny uh
grad
it's like it does make a lot of sense to
like reevaluate what the hell do we
actually need here
um
okay
foreign
like five minutes
let's go back to before the overloads
foreign
get ready to go
I'll probably be back on stream in like
two hours
maybe two and a half
I've done it it's important
actually I might not be because this
computer is not even mine my mom's
computer
kind of just jacked it
I wanna know what you think
don't think that you know
know that should be
but it is
okay so we have so what do we do in this
stream
we basically explored this RC business
and whether or not we should be
reference counting and it seems like
unfortunately we can't implement the
traits on the reference counted
thing
hmm
I feel like this is pretty good though
it's not readable
which is really lame but
we could generate all of the bin Ops
we could write a
a
on sub
and similar things
here we're doing
but why do we pass pointers to RC
shouldn't we be passing
all right so I'm going to give up on
overloads
foreign
I'm not gonna replace expressions
for example if I
have a macro
that takes in a list of
identifiers
all the bars
all the
did I need to clone the constants
there's no constants in this though
okay well maybe we don't need constants
right now
um
foreign
okay
wait this whole hold on
it's possible that this is
um
it's possible but I am super suspicious
of that
yeah okay I I don't know if it's
possible I think
foreign
I think maybe the answer is just build
the full parser which is really lame
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
nice
all right that seems like a good
stopping point